Combine ammo and body parts (#679)
DFHack/scripts: docs/combine.rst

Author: Sorry, I missed that one. Done.

        ``meat``:  MEAT

        ``parts``: CORPSEPIECE

        ``plant``: PLANT and PLANT_GROWTH

        ``powders``: POWDERS_MISC

        ``seeds``: SEEDS

``-q``, ``--quiet``
    Only print changes instead of a summary of all processed stockpiles.

``-v``, ``--verbose n``
    Print verbose output, n from 1 to 4.

Notes
-----
The following conditions prevent an item from being combined:
1. An item is not in a stockpile.
2. An item is sand or plaster.
3. An item is rotten, forbidden/hidden, marked for dumping/melting,
on fire, encased, owned by a trader/hostile/dwarf or is in a spider web.
4. An item is a part and not butchered.

> The following categories are used for combining:
> 1. Item is a part and has a race: category=type + race
> 2. Item has a race/caste: category=type + race + caste
> 3. Item is ammo, created by for masterwork. category=type + material + quality (+ created by)
> 4. Or: category= type + material

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following categories are defined:
1. Corpse pieces, grouped by piece type and race
2. Items that have an associated race/caste, grouped by item type,  race, and caste
3. Ammo, grouped by ammo type, material, and quality. If the ammo is a masterwork, it is
    also grouped by who created it.
4. Anything else, grouped by item type and material
```

Reviewer: Did I successfully represent your intended meaning?

Author: Looks good. Done.

> A default stack size of 30 applies to a category, unless a larger stack exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each category has a default stack size of 30 unless a larger stack already exists in your fort.
In that case the largest existing stack size is used.
```

Author: Done.
